# Veeam ONE Monitor Server package parameters

## Package Parameters

The package accepts the following optional parameters:

* `/iisSitePort` - Specifies a port that will be used by the Reporter website. By default, port number `1239` is used. Example: `/iisSitePort:1239`
* `/sslThumbprint` - Specifies the certificate to be used by the Reporter website. If this parameter is not specified, a new certificate will be generated by `openssl.exe`. Example: `/sslThumbprint:0677d0b8f27caccc966b15d807b41a101587b488`
* `/installationType` - Specifies the mode in which Veeam ONE will collect data from virtual infrastructure and Veeam Backup & Replication servers. Specify `1` to use the **Optimized for Advanced Scalability Deployment** mode. Specify `2` to use **The Backup Data Only** mode. If you do not use this parameter, Veeam ONE will collect data in the **Optimized for Typical Deployment** mode (default value, `0`). For details, see [Choose Data Collection Mode](https://helpcenter.veeam.com/docs/one/deployment/typical_choose_collection_mode.html). Example: `/installationType:2`
* `/sqlServer` - Specifies a Microsoft SQL server and instance on which the Veeam ONE database is deployed. By default, Veeam ONE uses the LOCALHOST\VEEAMSQL2016 server. Example: `/sqlServer:ONESERVER\VEEAMSQL2016_MY`
* `/sqlDatabase` - Specifies a name of the Veeam ONE database, by default, `VeeamOne`. Example: `/sqlDatabase:VeeamOneDB`
* `/sqlAuthentication` - Specifies if you want to use the Microsoft SQL Server authentication mode to connect to the Microsoft SQL Server where the Veeam ONE database is deployed. Specify `1` to use the SQL Server authentication mode. If you do not use this parameter, Veeam ONE Reporter will connect to the Microsoft SQL Server in the Microsoft Windows authentication mode (default value, `0`). Together with this parameter, you must specify the following parameters: `/sqlUsername` and `/sqlPassword`. Example: `/sqlAuthentication:1`
* `/sqlUsername` - This parameter must be used if you have specified the `/sqlAuthentication` parameter. Specifies a LoginID to connect to the Microsoft SQL Server in the SQL Server authentication mode. Example: `/sqlUsername:sa`
* `/sqlPassword` - This parameter must be used if you have specified the `/sqlAuthentication` parameter. Specifies a password to connect to the Microsoft SQL Server in the SQL Server authentication mode. Example: `/sqlPassword:p@ssw0rd`
* `/username` - Specifies a user account that will be used to access Veeam ONE database from the Web UI in the Microsoft Windows authentication mode. Example: `/username:ONESERVER\Administrator`
* `/password` - This parameter must be used if you have specified the `/username` parameter. Specifies a password for the account that will be used to access Veeam ONE database from the Web UI. Example: `/password:p@ssw0rd`
* `/create` - Create the requested user on this machine, this user will be added to the local Administrators group.

Example: `choco install veeam-one-reporter-web --params "/iisSitePort:12345"`
